Update "Dead Letter Channel" Doc (#706)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-channels/dead-letter-channel.md

For more information, see the [Dead Letter Channel](https://www.enterpriseintegrationpatterns.com/patterns/messaging/DeadLetterChannel.html) documentation.

![Dead letter channel solution]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-channels/dead-letter-channel-solution.gif)

## Sample scenario

This example takes a proxy service called StockQuoteProxy, which fronts a service by the name SimpleStockQuoteService. As long as the SimpleStockQuoteService is running, the clients calling the StockQuoteProxy service get responses. But if the SimpleStockQuoteService is down or a failure occurs while trying to send the message to the SimpleStockQuoteService, the faultSequence of the StockQuoteProxy will get invoked, and the message will be forwarded to the dead letter channel.

The diagram below depicts how to simulate the example scenario.

> ![Dead letter channel]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-channels/dead-letter-channel.png)

Reviewer: The text in this image looks blurred. Shall we resize it or use a high resolution one here

> Before digging into implementation details, let's take a look at the relationship between the example scenario and the Dead Letter Channel EIP by comparing their core components. We use three constructs of the service to implement the Dead Letter Channel EIP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before digging into implementation details, let's take a look at the relationship between the example scenario and the Dead Letter Channel EIP by comparing their core components. We use three constructs of the WSO2 MI to implement the Dead Letter Channel EIP.
```

> | Dead Letter Channel EIP (Figure 1)  | Dead Letter Channel Example Scenario (Figure 1)    |

Reviewer: We haven't named any diagram as Figure 1. Shall we update this?

| Dead Letter Channel                 | Store mediator, Message stores, Message processors |
| Intended Receiver                   | Simple Stock Quote Service                         |

The diagram below depicts the DLC architecture.

![DLC Architecture]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-channels/dlc-architecture.png)

The store mediator stores the dead message in the specified message store. The message processor retrieves stored messages from its associated message store and tries to resend those messages to the target receiver. The message store and message processor combination acts as the dead letter channel.

##  Synapse configuration of the artifacts

Given below is the synapse configuration of this sample. 

=== "Proxy Service"
    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <proxy name="DeadLetterChannelProxy" startOnLoad="true" transports="http https" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">

>         <target endpoint="SimpleStockEp" faultSequence="StoreSeq">

Reviewer 2: Let's add a separate fault sequence here, rather than define it in target.
